---

kanban-plugin: board
dg-publish: true

---

## In Progress

- [ ] Draft up assessment criteria for SR7 telemetry #Telemetry


## Completed

- [x] Create conceptual design doc for SR8 telemetry 
	
	(can be similar to SR7 telem, but also consider whether we continue to use AWS or not) #Telemetry
- [x] Figure out what frameworks/libraries we want to use, what would let us visualise the data? 3D models of the vehicle? #MobileApp
- [x] Sketch out the system design + cloud architecture diagram #MobileApp
- [x] Make presentation slides #SummativePitches
- [x] Finalise conceptual design doc for mobile app #SummativePitches
- [x] figure out staging for model -> proper orientation for model + small rotation #MobileApp
- [x] Come up with MVP requirements + features that would be implemented in the app #MobileApp
- [x] Create basic app with React Native + render 3d model #MobileApp


## General Telemetry

- [ ] Watch AWS presentation + draw diagrams for notes #Telemetry
- [ ] Read through sunswift documentation to get an understanding of the cloud architecture + different AWS services #Telemetry
- [ ] [[1. Sunswift/Telemetry Notes/GitHub Wiki Notes#Potential Issues and Improvements\|List of Improvements]] #Telemetry
- [ ] figure out how to access local instance of influxDB and grafana -> also figure out if data is cleared #Grafana


## SR7 Telemetry

- [ ] Compile report of SR7 telemetry #Telemetry
- [ ] Get started on implementing CI/CD stuff for telemetry #Telemetry


## SR8 Telemetry

- [ ] Review AWS services and figure out what services would be most suitable for SR8 #Telemetry


## Mobile App

- [ ] Experiment with Google maps API integration on app #MobileApp
- [ ] Create the UI/UX in Figma -> what should be displayed on the app #MobileApp
- [ ] Experiment with tailwind/random frameworks for data visualisation #MobileApp
- [ ] Figure out getting data from Grafana -> what would be useful, what is the data presented in?^[tharun is working on this] #MobileApp
- [ ] Research into ROSCube? How to connect to central computer for remote vehicle? #MobileApp
- [ ] consider additional requirements for the app -> potential kiosk or showcase mode? similar to part visualiser on figma? #MobileApp


## Grafana

- [ ] Clean up and organise Grafana boards -> archive unused boards etc. #Grafana
- [ ] Solar current drops in/out #Grafana
- [ ] Need to double check odometer -> was changing units strangely on track day #Grafana
- [ ] Fix GPS maps to prevent data point bloat -> limits were an issue #Grafana
- [ ] Fastest speed per lap doesn't really work #Grafana
- [ ] Perms keep getting removed #Grafana
- [ ] Random positive/negative velocities? #Grafana
- [ ] Measure latency on Grafana ([latency view?](https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards/16118-latency-view/)) #Grafana
- [ ] Export data logs from Grafana (for battery/powertrain etc.) - for errors as well #Grafana
- [ ] Restore backups/constant external backups for Grafana #Grafana




