---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/1-sunswift/sunswift-remote-app/0-brainstorming/","created":"2024-06-28T13:46:19.541+10:00","updated":"2024-07-23T22:08:24.475+10:00"}
---

### Aim
- Create a mobile app that allows users to view statistics about the car and also remotely control the vehicle somehow
- Can even make two branches of this: consumer + racing performance
	- Racing: More for general team diagnostic, ideally for crew to monitor vehicle performance and manage any issues
	- Consumer: Show general information about the car, similar to other car manufacturers and their apps

### Research
[Car Apps](https://www.reddit.com/r/cars/comments/15ebjg1/which_car_brand_has_the_best_app/)
- Read through sunswift documentation to get an understanding of the cloud architecture
	- Github wikis + other resources on sharepoint
	- Understand what is required for our project and whatnot
- Mobile app creation + telemetry display
	- Brainstorm ideas + research
		- Come up with MVP requirements + features that would be implemented in the app 
		- What data can we get from Grafana -> what would be useful, what is the data presented in?
		- Figure out what frameworks/libraries we want to use, what would let us visualise the data? 3D models of the vehicle?
			- Pandas?
			- Unity?
		-  Sketch out the system design
	- Create the UI/UX in Figma -> what should be displayed on the app
- Telemetry display
	- How to get information from the vehicle + grafana
- Remote vehicle control
	- Research into ROSCube?
	- Something about connecting something to the central computer to control stuff
	- Tharun said something about how our app would be like 'simulate pressing a button but remote', instead of actually being remote
		- So instead of controlling the car remotely purely from the app, the app would connect to the central computer and then send commands to control the vehicle 

### App Ideas
- Pair vehicle/app functionality -> how to link car to app? Digital key?
	- On first start up, infotainment can show a qr code that can use to authenticate app
	- Need to consider how to retrieve information from a specific vehicle as well, maybe each telemetry system/dashboard vehicle has a unique id that the app has to use to retrieve the correct information
- User is able to identify information about the car:
	- GPS speed
	- Odometer
	- Vehicle state
	- Battery information (voltage/cell temperature/solar current?)
		- Charge stats/similar to battery life graph on phones
	- GPS position
		- Nearby chargers
	- Motor temperature
	- Trip data - show range, battery level, kilometre readings, distance travelled, driving time
	- Vehicle search: show vehicle location, share location to google maps etc., distance by foot, flash lights to see vehicle
	- Speed alert
	- Route settings
- Extra features:
	- Windows status - which windows have been opened etc.
	- Lock status - remotely lock/unlock the vehicle
	- Customise infotainment/vehicle display
	- Access vehicle livestream/cameras
	- Phone widgets -> show certain information about the vehicle and provide quick access to vehicle functionality
	- Infotainment display -> show what song is being played currently etc.
	- 3D render of the vehicle:
		- Car driving animations

[[1. Sunswift/Sunswift Remote App/App MVP ⁄ Prototype\|App MVP ⁄ Prototype]]